Add metadata template (#991)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/contribute/writing-style.md

- [The Microsoft Manual of Style](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/welcome/)

### Static-site generator

The Wiki is built using [Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/), a static-site generator for
building documentation sites in markdown. The Wiki follows the following metadata
template for its markdown files and should be adpated for each new document:

```
---
id: wiki-maintainers
title: Wiki Maintainers
sidebar_label: Maintainers
description: A list of Polygon Wiki maintainers
keywords:
  - docs
  - matic
  - polygon
  - wiki
  - docs
  - maintainers
  - contributors
image: https://matic.network/banners/matic-network-16x9.png
slug: community-maintainers
---
```

There are some important aspects to consider when writing the metadata for a markdown file:
- We ask contributers to use a **unique id**, avoiding generic words or sentences like "Introduction" or "Overview". 
- The **title** is the sentence used at the beginning of the article, "General Writing Guidelines" for this article. So, it is not necessary to add an H1/H2 header to introduce each article. Instead, use this **title** from the metadata.

> - The **description** can not be too lengthy, since it is used on the index tiles which has a limitation for the number of characters. The description "Blockchain is an immutable ledger for recording transactions" for the basics-blockchain.md will appear on an index tile as such: 

Reviewer: @DannyS03 can you commit this suggestion of your suggestion? :)

![img](/img/contribute/index-tile.png)

  The **description** then should have **up to 60 characters**, considering spaces between characters.

> - Keywords are important to increase SEO and contribute to improve search engine results. 5 to 7 words are enough to cover the most relevant words of the article.

Author: ```suggestion
- Keywords are important to increase SEO and describe the article. Try to aim for at least five keywords.
```
